Conference on Historical Linguistics of the Caucasus
Paris, École Pratique des Hautes Études, April 12-14, 2017
Convenors: Gilles Authier (École Pratique des Hautes Études, Paris) & Timur Maisak (Institute of Linguistics, Moscow)
Contact: Hélène Gérardin (Institut National des Langues et Civilisations Orientales, Paris)

Call Deadline: 31-JAN-2017

Invited speakers
- Peter Arkadiev
- Nina Dobrushina
- Dmitry Ganenkov
 
The Conference is dedicated to historical linguistics of Caucasian languages and languages spoken in the Caucasus. A special one-day workshop will be held on imperfective modalities in the languages of the area. Apart from oral presentations, posters will also be considered. 
All abstracts should be written in English and anonymous (in order to allow for blind external reviewing), and preferably extensive (up to three pages including references). Please mention if the presentation may be presented as a poster. We strongly suggest that abstracts should be based on precise data and examples properly segmented and glossed.
The general session on historical linguistics welcomes contributions bearing on any aspect of the grammar of any language spoken in the Caucasus (including phonology, morphology, syntax and grammatical semantics), as well as sociolinguistic aspects, provided that they address these issues in diachrony. Comparison between related languages, including proposal for reconstruction of proto-languages, are particularly welcome, as well as proposals of contact-induced change. (Note that abstracts bearing exclusively on ethnogenesis of the people of the Caucasus do not fall within the scope of this conference).
The workshop on imperfective modalities in the languages of the Caucasus invites contributions dealing with morphology, semantics and grammaticalization of verbal categories of the imperfective domain, including the discussion of synchronic and diachronic connections between imperfectivity as an aspectual category and varioud kinds of modality.

Accepted presentations may be delivered in English, Russian, or French, but handouts (with glosses) and powerpoint projections should be in English.
There is no participation fee. Selected participants from the Caucasian republics and countries may apply for (partial) funding.

The deadline for abstract submission 31 January 2017. 
Each author may be involved in no more than two abstracts, of which no more than one may be single-authored. These should be sent to the following email address: caucase.paris.2017@gmail.com 
with “Abstract” stated as the email subject. The following information should be provided in the body of the e-mail:
- title of the abstract,
- author’s or authors’ first and last names, and affiliation(s),
- e-mail address.
The decision of the Organizing Committee on the acceptance/rejection of submissions will be communicated to the authors no later than 21 February 2017.

